margaret johnstone: Hello.
margaret johnstone: I my genie.
Yes.
margaret johnstone: I can barely see you. Are you in a dark room.
Geanie polo: I'm kind of
margaret johnstone: Yeah, you might want to let a little lighter
Geanie polo: Can you see me better now with delight. This way.
margaret johnstone: Yeah, a little bit better.
Geanie polo: Yeah.
margaret johnstone: Are you laying down
Yeah.
margaret johnstone: not feeling so good.
Geanie polo: just tired.
margaret johnstone: Yeah yeah
margaret johnstone: So tell me a little bit about what brings you I know you started the
margaret johnstone: Medical Doctor started you on some Suboxone. Is that right,
margaret johnstone: Uh huh. Okay. How are you feeling on that.
Geanie polo: I'm feeling fine. It's just sometimes
Geanie polo: You know I get like anxiety and I get like panicked and feel like a cat breed and
margaret johnstone: You
Geanie polo: Know,
margaret johnstone: How often does that happen.
Geanie polo: Oh, I'm pretty often actually
margaret johnstone: Like every day. Couple. You know, every week, every hours.
Geanie polo: It just depends, you sometimes it'll I won't
Geanie polo: Have it for like a day, a couple days or a week and then it'll just creep up on me.
margaret johnstone: Mm hmm. Is there anything you take for that.
Geanie polo: Um, no, but
Geanie polo: I took Xanax, a few times to like calmed me down and
margaret johnstone: Helped. Yeah. Have you ever tried anything. It's not addictive calm you down.
Geanie polo: I try like a bunch of like remedies like home remedies and stuff. I'm just when I get like that. It just, it doesn't work.
Geanie polo: Will start to like hyper Valley and sometimes it feels like I'm gonna die.
Geanie polo: Like a cat breed or something so
Geanie polo: When I take to Xanax, that's kind of the only thing that helps
Okay.
margaret johnstone: Okay, well I'm the reason is me.
margaret johnstone: Personally, and depression and anxiety like
Geanie polo: Yeah.
margaret johnstone: And so tell me a little bit about
margaret johnstone: That you were now right where
margaret johnstone: Where do you live,
Geanie polo: And stopped in California.
margaret johnstone: How long have you been there.
I'm
Geanie polo: Just about a few months.
margaret johnstone: Hmm. Where did you used to live in.
Geanie polo: Los Angeles, San Francisco.
margaret johnstone: Wow.
margaret johnstone: Places. Yes.
Geanie polo: Yeah.
margaret johnstone: Yeah, well, I'm
Geanie polo: Not here near San Francisco. Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
margaret johnstone: Yeah. So yeah.
Geanie polo: A lot of the Bay Area people move towards like Tracy and Stockton, because the rents are more cheaper here.
margaret johnstone: Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. The cost of living is just crazy here.
margaret johnstone: really crazy. So where did you grow up, go to high school.
Geanie polo: Los Angeles.
margaret johnstone: We're in LA.
Geanie polo: Hollywood.
margaret johnstone: Oh my goodness.
Geanie polo: Yeah.
Geanie polo: I'm trying to see if I can get some better lighting true
Thanks.
margaret johnstone: Yeah, that's a, that's a fancy place to grow up.
Geanie polo: Yeah.
Geanie polo: I can try to open up applying
Geanie polo: One second. Sure.
Geanie polo: So I never really like talk to a therapist or
margaret johnstone: Person.
margaret johnstone: Yeah.
Geanie polo: Is that better with the light
margaret johnstone: Oh, it's perfect. Perfect. Okay. Is that okay for you.
Geanie polo: Yes, it's fine.
margaret johnstone: Great. Great. Okay.
margaret johnstone: So you grew up in LA. Did you go to high school there.
Geanie polo: I did a lot of my online schooling and stuff. I used to. I went up to middle school, but
Geanie polo: I was just like a very depressed kid in school.
Geanie polo: And I didn't have much friends and stuff so
Geanie polo: I was just, you know, keeping to myself.
margaret johnstone: So when we were in school. How old were
Geanie polo: Like 14
margaret johnstone: Mm hmm. That's a good age to get to
Geanie polo: Do. Yeah.
margaret johnstone: Yeah. What was going on in your life at that time.
Geanie polo: There was, it wasn't much going on like there was nothing wrong. Like I was never like abused or mistreated or anything like that. It was just like, just me in general.
Mm hmm.
margaret johnstone: Tell me about your family.
Geanie polo: My family.
Geanie polo: Yeah. Like, like, like what do you want to know.
margaret johnstone: Yeah, brothers or sisters
Geanie polo: I have two brothers two sisters
Geanie polo: I mean, they're
Geanie polo: They're great people very kind. Nice.
Geanie polo: Um, I mean, I don't know what else I can tell you
margaret johnstone: Okay, tell me how they're doing right now. What are they do.
Geanie polo: They're doing fine. I mean,
margaret johnstone: Just
margaret johnstone: Any issues with drugs or alcohol.
margaret johnstone: Oh, no, no. Okay, and how about your parents are they still alive.
margaret johnstone: Yes. Okay. And how is their health.
Great.
margaret johnstone: Any, any special health problems, heart disease,
margaret johnstone: Anything like that can know
Geanie polo: Cancers
And know
margaret johnstone: And where do they live.
margaret johnstone: Up.
Geanie polo: My dad is in Los Angeles, and so was my mom.
margaret johnstone: And they started these two married or they separated
Geanie polo: Separated
margaret johnstone: Oh, how long has that been
Um,
Geanie polo: It's been since I was a child.
margaret johnstone: How old were you when they separated
Geanie polo: I remember the exact age.
Geanie polo: Maybe about
Geanie polo: Five or six
margaret johnstone: No. Did you have a relationship with your dad or mom. Most of the time, or
Geanie polo: What's boat shared
Geanie polo: There were always in the same town so
Geanie polo: I mean, it wasn't a big issue.
margaret johnstone: That's good. And he didn't have to change schools or anything.
Um,
Geanie polo: I did.
Geanie polo: A few times.
Geanie polo: Yeah, I did.
margaret johnstone: Okay, so that makes it hard to make friends too.
Geanie polo: Yeah, it does.
margaret johnstone: That's a real stress for for you to have to go into a different school and meet on Google.
margaret johnstone: Right now. So how are you, brother, sister, she's older than
Geanie polo: My sister, one of my sisters are younger
Geanie polo: And actually, both of my sisters are younger, one of my brothers are older and one is younger
Okay.
margaret johnstone: So you were the first girl.
margaret johnstone: Yep. Yeah.
margaret johnstone: It's a special privilege.
Geanie polo: Yeah.
margaret johnstone: Yeah, yeah. So what 14 when you when you felt depressed and we're aware that you
margaret johnstone: Did you tell anybody anything
No.
Geanie polo: I mean, I'm not. I don't think I'm
Geanie polo: I'm not like a, you know, I don't need any special attention. I think I just want to be able to control like if I, you know, when I get my panic attacks.
Geanie polo: To control them with the medication and
Geanie polo: You know,
margaret johnstone: Okay, no. Okay, so you feel. Otherwise, you lose pretty even. Most of the time.
margaret johnstone: It's, yeah, lack of energy.
margaret johnstone: Yeah, yeah. Do you ever have any suicidal thoughts.
margaret johnstone: No good. I'm glad to hear
Geanie polo: Yeah, you
Geanie polo: Know,
margaret johnstone: never married
Geanie polo: No.
margaret johnstone: Okay, so let's talk a little bit about about medication.
margaret johnstone: First of all, know that
margaret johnstone: Actually make you on more on the depressed life.
margaret johnstone: So they can actually cause some depression and lack of energy.
Geanie polo: So, um, it's not a combination that I never had before so
margaret johnstone: I mean,
margaret johnstone: What have you taken in the past.
Geanie polo: I'm to districts that I'm
Geanie polo: currently taking on my hat and what Xanax before they didn't
Geanie polo: You know, make me depressed or make me feel any way that I shouldn't have, or else I wouldn't, you know, wanna take them.
margaret johnstone: Okay, good.
Geanie polo: Yeah, that's good.
margaret johnstone: Yeah. Have you ever taken any psychiatric medications.
No.
Geanie polo: I don't think I don't think I need any other
margaret johnstone: Well, let me, let me tell about the treatment for anxiety disorders is what you have when you have panic attacks.
margaret johnstone: The treatment for anxiety disorders is a depressant.
margaret johnstone: It's a drug that you take every day long, they're a whole new class of drugs. They're not addictive.
margaret johnstone: You don't
margaret johnstone: You start on it and you have any side effects that you're comfortable with. You can just
margaret johnstone: It's not like an opiate but can't just stop.
margaret johnstone: Withdrawal the antidepressants actually helps keep you calm help you manage the anxiety and so the treatment actual anxiety disorders is a depressant.
margaret johnstone: Xanax is ok for a short period of time, but you don't want to do that on a regular basis.
Geanie polo: Well, I'm not looking for something
Geanie polo: For forever. You know what I mean.
margaret johnstone: Yeah, just
Geanie polo: Something for now and I don't feel comfortable taking stuff that I don't know.
Geanie polo: What it is probably right. Not right now because that'll probably give me more anxiety. Just because if I take it and I don't know what it is.
Geanie polo: Mm hmm. So, um, yeah. I mean, I just feel comfortable taking what I know and I know my body is okay with the Xanax
margaret johnstone: Okay, well you don't do prescribe them for you.
Geanie polo: Yeah. Well, she gave me a few, but told me to talk with you and you would be able to describe me
margaret johnstone: Yeah, that
Geanie polo: To describe the sonic medication well
margaret johnstone: I really would like you to try to present first to see that's helpful for you.
margaret johnstone: We can use the Xanax as a backup in case it's not for you know for major I have many people who keep a fuse and just in case they have a major panic attack when they have something they have to
margaret johnstone: Go to, or if they have a job or they
margaret johnstone: They don't want to have a panic attack on the job. But, you know, the minor. There are different kinds of panic attacks to
margaret johnstone: The ones that just incapacity you
margaret johnstone: And then there are minor ones that if you just can calm down, and yet they go away and they don't want
margaret johnstone: To take you
margaret johnstone: So that's where I think the antidepressant might be helpful for you to know man.
Geanie polo: Well, when I went
Geanie polo: One time, my friend. When you know because she has panic attacks to so she went to the ER.
Geanie polo: They gave her
Geanie polo: I forgot what was the name of it, but it wasn't and I present
Geanie polo: So that's what I'm saying. I wouldn't feel comfortable trying that because I tried that once. And it just got me to like a point where I was just more depressed. It actually the pill that she got from her. I don't know. What was the name of it. I forgot, but
Geanie polo: She did get a phone number. Sure. And was it just got me depressed instead of rather not.
Geanie polo: Depressed. So as of right now, I, I mean maybe eventually later I can try something. But as of right now, I just want to stick to the same ropes, if that's okay. For now, and maybe be more open a little bit later.
margaret johnstone: Okay, so here's one. Are you going to be going to some of the groups and some of the sessions. Okay, so tell me in
margaret johnstone: On average, how many panic attacks a week you think
Geanie polo: Um,
Geanie polo: I don't know, it's like, it's hard to say. I don't want to make it seem like I
Geanie polo: I'm like, like I'm not, I'm not crazy. Or I don't like you know need crazy pills or anything like that but I mean I do get panic attacks frequently like
Geanie polo: Like just kind of on a daily basis because it'll come to me like when I think, you know, oh well.
Geanie polo: I wish I did this to friend and I wish I had this job and I wish I had this life like my brain just goes like
Geanie polo: Unhappy with the things that I do. And oh well you know I shouldn't have been on this drug. And then it just, I start getting like hyperventilating, and I'll get panic and um, but I think it's just because I'm not happy with the way I'm doing things. So that's why I'm in this program.
Geanie polo: And going, you know, taking the strips to get off of what I'm on and I'm trying to change myself around. I know it's something that I'm not going to be that I have to be on for the rest of my life. But just for now. So I can cope, so I can get released from this whole circle.
Geanie polo: That I'm going through right now with, you know, opiates.
Geanie polo: And the addiction with the auctions and stuff.
margaret johnstone: Okay, well you know zanna was highly
Geanie polo: Yes, I do.
margaret johnstone: And it's one of the hardest drugs to get
Geanie polo: Yes, I'm super very aware
Geanie polo: And if I thought and to myself that I was in danger in myself anymore. I wouldn't do it but
Geanie polo: For what I'm doing now, like I need it because I'm going through something in life where I'm
Geanie polo: Getting you know changing my life around and and I do get panic attacks and
Geanie polo: On the daily basis and
margaret johnstone: I know, let's talk about the leave chain you were reading
margaret johnstone: Before you
margaret johnstone: Know,
Geanie polo: On what methadone.
margaret johnstone: Methadone yeah
Geanie polo: Where you want to know.
margaret johnstone: Okay, so you've always been on Suboxone pretty much
Geanie polo: I just started taking Suboxone I'm
Geanie polo: Like a few months ago.
margaret johnstone: Okay, okay.
margaret johnstone: Very comfortable on the phone right now.
Geanie polo: Yeah.
margaret johnstone: It's a good dose and it's holding not having
margaret johnstone: Not having
Geanie polo: Oh, no, no.
Geanie polo: Those i'm doing is good bone. I talked to my doctor, we're talking about
Geanie polo: You know, maybe next month or in a few weeks, or whenever I feel comfortable anonymous start to lower and lower and lower it until I'm
Geanie polo: Completely off, which would be the same with Xanax when I'm ready to, like, okay, I'm going to try to, you know, just stop everything. It's not going to be right. See right at the moment because everyone knows it's addictive. So you have to lower the adults. Lower. Lower, lower
margaret johnstone: Here is very slow.
Geanie polo: Very slowly and
Geanie polo: Yeah, so
Geanie polo: Good. So I kind of, I kind of know
Geanie polo: Have a mindset of I know what I'm doing.
margaret johnstone: Yeah. Okay. So let me tell you what my worry is we'll, we'll work this out. We'll figure it out.
margaret johnstone: My worry is when he starts or she starts lowering Suboxone the number one symptom, you're going to have is increased anxiety.
margaret johnstone: And if the only thing you have to depend on is going to be Xanax, then you're craving for Xanax, it's going to go up. Do you understand that.
margaret johnstone: And I'm we're not going to do that. That's substituting one addiction for another
Geanie polo: No, that's right. That's, that's not how I'm planning to do it so
Geanie polo: I'm gonna regardless of the situation. I'm I have a plan in my hand on how I'm gonna
Geanie polo: Fight this these issues, but I will, I will get there and I'll do it.
Geanie polo: Okay.
Geanie polo: And I'm confident about it.
margaret johnstone: So if you had
margaret johnstone: Today, the cake when you had a panic, something that was overwhelming.
margaret johnstone: You would be comfortable
Geanie polo: I'm not getting it.
margaret johnstone: Okay, because I'm take Xanax
margaret johnstone: If you have more than one panic symptom again.
margaret johnstone: You're not going to be able to use it five times a day, or four times a day.
margaret johnstone: You're gonna have to develop
margaret johnstone: Other methods for coping with anxiety. If you have. Okay, so, like, that's one of the reasons
margaret johnstone: syrupy is to learn some deep
margaret johnstone: Breathing relaxation
Techniques.
margaret johnstone: And there are other medications that
margaret johnstone: Will help with anxiety and they're not as powerful
margaret johnstone: But they were all
Geanie polo: Right.
margaret johnstone: We'll just take the edge off so that you can get
margaret johnstone: And then it'll go away.
Geanie polo: Yeah. And that's definitely something I'm willing to
Geanie polo: Do get into and and stuff but
Geanie polo: Yeah.
margaret johnstone: That sounds good. That sounds good. I'm really glad you're making a whole change in your life.
margaret johnstone: It's gonna be a whole different
Geanie polo: Yes, I'm looking forward to it, actually.
margaret johnstone: Yeah, yeah. So any allergies any medications.
margaret johnstone: No. Okay, never had any bad responses. You ever had issues with
Geanie polo: No.
margaret johnstone: So in the
margaret johnstone: Plan is to go back and revisit your Suboxone provider and see how that goes.
Geanie polo: Yeah.
Geanie polo: Like, we're going to take it slow. Like, you know, I don't want to like stress my body to to the fact where it's like if I lower it too much too fast. And I'm going to just the cravings are gonna
Geanie polo: You know, I'm going to want to do something. So she said, Just take your time and
Geanie polo: Do a two year pace. So that's what I'm going to do.
margaret johnstone: Okay, are you working now. No.
No.
Okay.
margaret johnstone: Let me get in and take a look at your subscriptions here real quick.
margaret johnstone: See if I can see what measure on
margaret johnstone: any health problems. Any. Are you are you protecting yourself.
Geanie polo: Yes, that's why I'm just
Geanie polo: staying inside as much as I can, when I do go out, you know. Gloves, mask sanitizer. You gotta, you know, be cautious.
margaret johnstone: You have to be
margaret johnstone: These really
margaret johnstone: You know how severe it is
Geanie polo: Yeah, it's crazy.
It is
Geanie polo: And how are you doing with the virus.
margaret johnstone: staying inside I'm old. And so I need to stay
margaret johnstone: Yeah, there's couple things I want you to think about because you're inside so much, you're not getting any vitamin D and vitamin D helps your immune system.
margaret johnstone: So it's
Geanie polo: I mean, I do.
Geanie polo: Yeah, I do go out
margaret johnstone: Okay, you need to get at least half an hour a day of sun sunlight.
Geanie polo: Yeah, no, I do I get like actually get like an hour.
Geanie polo: You're yeah yeah
margaret johnstone: You have no
Geanie polo: No.
No cancer.
Geanie polo: Now,
Geanie polo: I was
Geanie polo: Watching my friends dog.
Geanie polo: So I used to like take
Geanie polo: The dog for walks and stuff, but she picked up her puppy.
margaret johnstone: You did.
Yeah.
margaret johnstone: Okay.
margaret johnstone: Okay, so
margaret johnstone: She only gave you five tablets of the Xanax
What
Geanie polo: Um, yeah, she just she just gave me that I'm
Geanie polo: Just for an hour to have a peace of mind, but
Geanie polo: I'm see
Geanie polo: Recommended that I speak to you.
margaret johnstone: Well, okay, so I'm I'm recommending that you try an anti depressant also and and you can have some fun.
margaret johnstone: With it.
margaret johnstone: And see that is helpful.
margaret johnstone: I think it would actually
margaret johnstone: I think your energy and
margaret johnstone: On this would be
Geanie polo: Great. And the whole thing is, and that's completely fine.
Geanie polo: I'm like I said earlier, I would be open to trying that.
Geanie polo: But probably not in the first month
Geanie polo: But yes, that is something I'm willing to do
Geanie polo: Okay, but I just have to get the hard edge off of what I'm the process. I'm doing now.
margaret johnstone: Yeah, and then
Geanie polo: I would be stronger and a month and I would be able to do it.
margaret johnstone: Okay.
margaret johnstone: So I will give you 15 tablets today.
margaret johnstone: 10 days.
margaret johnstone: And you will be back.
margaret johnstone: To me in a week. We have a medication, you can come to and you can just see how you're doing and how the other
margaret johnstone: And we'll go from there.
Geanie polo: Okay. Sounds good.
Geanie polo: And you know like what pharmacy to send it
margaret johnstone: To me see what pharmacy. They've got
margaret johnstone: 11 Street.
margaret johnstone: There. Correct. Yeah, yeah.
Geanie polo: I wanted to ask a question mark.
Geanie polo: Is what what is valuable, is that for like helping you sleep is that for
margaret johnstone: Yeah, let me tell you all about the benzodiazepines. That's the class of drugs Xanax is in
margaret johnstone: There are short acting and long everything
margaret johnstone: Valium was the first one ever invented. It's a very powerful drug exposing your system, the one
margaret johnstone: highly addictive and ugly addiction to get off.
margaret johnstone: Xanax Klonopin and out of Van are the three short
Acting
margaret johnstone: Drugs.
margaret johnstone: And
margaret johnstone: Have those three
margaret johnstone: Xanax is the most addictive.
margaret johnstone: And add a van and Klonopin or about the same. Although kind of stays in your system a little bit longer. So those are all members of the volume family, and they all go together and they're highly addictive.
Geanie polo: So they're all for panic attacks or
margaret johnstone: They were originally in the way we use them now is for very short term episodes. Not long term, if you take any of the more than two weeks, you will have withdrawals.
margaret johnstone: And there was no symptoms are
margaret johnstone: attacks and anxiety.
margaret johnstone: So, all right. We get them for that and you're getting them.
Geanie polo: All right.
margaret johnstone: So that's why we want to keep you on
margaret johnstone: And get you more comfortable. So you need
margaret johnstone: Because you're already got one addictive substances.
margaret johnstone: Enough for anybody.
margaret johnstone: To deal with
Geanie polo: Okay.
margaret johnstone: So Xanax
margaret johnstone: We use it in very limited amount for short periods.
margaret johnstone: In when it was first invented and Valium is first thing for people is not a dictator, there's no problem. You can take
margaret johnstone: A horrible, horrible.
margaret johnstone: Horrible addiction or to get off.
margaret johnstone: So it was a big deal right so now it's all restrict
margaret johnstone: And so every, every tablet.
margaret johnstone: And with
margaret johnstone: With Suboxone and opiates its contract indicated, meaning the government watching those prescriptions and you cannot be on the mountain.
margaret johnstone: Yeah, so I think a month is what you
margaret johnstone: AND I ARE will
margaret johnstone: Want to get off of it because it's a very
margaret johnstone: Very bad combinations can stop you from moving those drugs and with another
margaret johnstone: Your, your whole breathing apparatus can shut down.
margaret johnstone: Uh huh. And you're not, you know, so it's very lethal, and there have been
margaret johnstone: Lots of deaths due to that combination
margaret johnstone: So it's, it's a combination.
margaret johnstone: So as long as you show that you're moving towards getting off of it.
margaret johnstone: Will give you
margaret johnstone: The next month. Okay. And I think that that's
margaret johnstone: A good thing to do. And I really think he made a huge, huge change in your life.
margaret johnstone: Yeah.
margaret johnstone: No history of trauma.
margaret johnstone: No.
margaret johnstone: One recently.
Geanie polo: Know,
margaret johnstone: Ever have a head injury.
Geanie polo: No.
Seizure
margaret johnstone: Ever been knocked unconscious.
No.
margaret johnstone: Any, any other physical problems. Any surgeries.
Geanie polo: Now,
We use
Geanie polo: In
Geanie polo: Not at the moment, cuz I don't need it.
margaret johnstone: But if you needed. What kind of did you usually use
Geanie polo: I used to have.
Geanie polo: I just recently had it rewards IUD.
margaret johnstone: Mm hmm.
Geanie polo: Um, but yeah.
margaret johnstone: And he'll enjoy your
Geanie polo: Clothes that
margaret johnstone: Are your periods regular
margaret johnstone: Yeah okay the light
Geanie polo: Light.
margaret johnstone: There's a pretty regular
Yep.
margaret johnstone: Do you notice the
margaret johnstone: Mood swings around
margaret johnstone: That time of the month.
Geanie polo: Sometimes
margaret johnstone: Yeah.
margaret johnstone: Sometimes people will know extreme mood swings and that's where the antidepressants are really helpful. So they keep your mood much even during that time other than one
margaret johnstone: Haha, yeah.
margaret johnstone: You have any questions for me. Anything you want to ask it.
Geanie polo: Nope, I think I'm good.
margaret johnstone: Okay, so I'm going to make sure that you're talking to a group. Okay. And I'd like to see you in two
Weeks individually.
Geanie polo: Okay.
Okay.
Geanie polo: Sounds good.
margaret johnstone: Are you taking a multivitamin.
Geanie polo: Know,
margaret johnstone: You need to you need right now with all this
margaret johnstone: Dis keep your immune system, you
margaret johnstone: Know, and take a multivitamin just
margaret johnstone: Get a
Geanie polo: multivitamin like it's something you can describe me or
margaret johnstone: Yeah. Um, if you go to any of the drugstores like Walgreens, they'll say women's health one a day multivitamin and they're made most of the different companies making there's usually a CEO.
Geanie polo: Or different ones for just men are just woman, or do you
margaret johnstone: Say, it'll say women's or it'll say, man, and they do do a little different combination for women because women are usually lower vitamins. Those are the ones that give me energy so
margaret johnstone: He vitamins help yeah can
Geanie polo: Prescribe me some
margaret johnstone: They're not prescription, they're over the counter.
Geanie polo: All over the counter.
margaret johnstone: For whatever's on sale. They'll always have one on sale.
margaret johnstone: Okay, yeah, it's over the counter and it really does does help. Again, keep you healthy during this virus time
margaret johnstone: And they think, vitamin C, also helps
margaret johnstone: Okay, show them how she diet does it
Geanie polo: Now I'm trying to keep down on a task to I mean I gained some weight so
margaret johnstone: Mm hmm.
margaret johnstone: How much
Geanie polo: About maybe 1520 pounds.
Geanie polo: Whoo. Yeah, I'm trying to shave that off.
margaret johnstone: Okay. Good work.
Geanie polo: Yeah.
margaret johnstone: Yeah. Okay. All right. I'll put the prescription for you and
margaret johnstone: I'll see you in a couple weeks.
Geanie polo: Okay. Sounds good. It was nice talking to
margaret johnstone: Talking to you.
Geanie polo: You too. Bye.
Bye.